# IO.Swagger.Model.UpdateAccountBody
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**QuotaNoticeEnabled** | **bool?** | Whether the system should email the account owner when usage exceeds quotaNoticeThreshold value | [optional] 
**QuotaNoticeThreshold** | **int?** | Percent of account usage to trigger quota notices for. | [optional] 
**SecureOnly** | **bool?** | Whether unencrypted FTP connections should be denied for the account. | [optional] 
**ComplexPasswords** | **bool?** | Whether to require complex passwords for all passwords. | [optional] 
**ShowReferralLinks** | **bool?** | Whether to display links for others to sign up on share views and invitation emails | [optional] 
**ExternalDomain** | **string** | Custom address used for web file manager. Not available for all account types. | [optional] 
**EmailContent** | **string** | Content of welcome email template. | [optional] 
**EmailSubject** | **string** | Subject line for welcome emails | [optional] 
**AllowedIpRanges** | [**List&lt;AccountAllowedIpRanges&gt;**](AccountAllowedIpRanges.md) | IP Address Ranges for restricting account access | [optional] 
**CallbackSettings** | [**CallbackSettings1**](CallbackSettings1.md) |  | [optional] 
**BrandingSettings** | [**BrandingSettings1**](BrandingSettings1.md) |  | [optional] 
**AccountOnboarding** | **bool?** | Whether extra help popups can be enabled for users in the web file manager. | [optional] 
**CustomSignature** | **string** | Signature to be automatically added to the bottom of emails generated by the account. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

